[orchestral music]
[music fades]
[city ambiance]
[ominous sting]
[crickets chirping]
[soft rustling]
[footsteps rustling]
[man] You are like a little
bloodhound.
I thought for sure you wouldn't
see me up in that old Ponderosa.
[eerie rumbling]
There is not
a single hiding spot
this one couldn't sniff out.
[eerie tone]
-Time for supper.
-Mm.
[girl] One more game. Pa?
Please?
[eerie rumbling]
Make it quick.
I don't want the
potatoes getting cold.
[eerie rumbling]
[man] One... two...
[eerie tone]
-...five... six...
-[door creaks]
...seven... eight...
-...nine... ten.
-[ominous music]
[eerie tone]
Oh where. oh where
has my little Emma gone?
could she be?
[woman screams]
[indistinct yell]
[growling]
-[objects cluttering]
-[glass shatters]
[music increases]
[cluttering continues]
[woman. at a distance]
Emma!
[door creaks]
[man at a distance]
Emma. dear.
Come in.
[wind howling]
[music intensifying]
[haunting echo]
[suspenseful music]
[music continues]
[music fades]
[piano playing soft music]
[indistinct chatter]
Bonjour. good man.
I need a moment
with your Elizabeth.
Is this a demand or a request?
I presume your employer
has set forth
a most unsavory rapport
c'est moi.
Mm. she thinks
you're a cocksucker.
Hm! Well then.
would you please
inform La Queen Consul
that Monsieur Jean Le-Grange
requests an audience.
She's busy.
Might you be so kind as to
deliver this memorandum...
...to the Crown. if you will.
Ah. sir! Majesty.
[piano continues
playing in background]
[clock ticking]
[dramatic music]
[footsteps]
What is this?
[Jean] It's a quote.
Why you gotta be
so fucking obscure?
-[Jean] Hmm.
-Get up here.
[Jean chuckles]
[man] At the hotel now?
Enjoying a fine meal. I suspect.
You are reckless.
Careful. Frank.
Denigration does not become you.
Now is not the time for the
Chief Justice from Helena to
represent.
[man 2] My request is--
is merely a...
requisite venture to secure my--
my interests.
Children are missing.
Those children are long dead.
You know it. and I know it.
[man 2] Unfortunate indeed.
But progress
will not be delayed.
I am not here for the color.
Coons or chinks?
Gold. you half-wit.
[suspenseful music]
I submit your deputy
take his leave.
[scoffs]
It has come to my attention
that there has been some
very large talk behind our
sleeping backs.
Spit it out. La Grange.
We have no time
and we cannot be silent.
Treachery is at play.
Details. La Grange.
[Jean] Monsieur Dan has
made a lucrative incentive
to the Chief Justice which
ensures our assets
become his.
He wants the jewel
in your whorehouse?
Uh-uh-uh. Bordello.
[Elizabeth] Why?
The same reason
all short men want anything.
Power.
And how exactly have you come
across these particulars?
My hive of busy bees
keeps me well informed.
I presume he believes me
to be a feeble opponent.
You are.
That's why you seek alliance.
Well. La Grange can be swayed.
but Liz will never sell.
The Chief Justice is a man
of renowned repute.
Yeah. so was John Wilkes Booth.
I need order.
None of this talk
of missing children.
crying mothers. irate fathers.
The United States government.
by its own volition.
will secure private property
for public use...
...with just
compensation. of course.
To what end?
Make the saloon
into a courthouse?
No quicker way to turn
the town against you.
After the acquisition.
I will procure the property
at below market value.
Pardon my skepticism...
...but what lands confidence
the politicos will take a loss?
The Chief Justice
brokers the deal.
Yeah.
[music continues]
[candle drags]
-[sighs]
-[music fades]
[gentle music]
[indistinct]
Henry?
Time to go.
[knife scraping]
There you are.
What do we have here?
Ah!
[soft exhale]
It's perfect.
[chuckles]
[birds chirping]
[hens clucking]
[music increasing]
[music fades]
The sores aren't
going to simply...
[clicks tongue] ...disappear.
You must cease from oral
copulation until they are
fully healed.
I-- I got debts. doc.
I see. All right.
But... I trust...
...you will settle your
current obligations
and abstain
from oral copulation
for at least a week.
All right?
-Mm?
-Mm-hmm.
[doctor] All right.
You may go.
[clears throat]
[sighs]
Oh. dear.
-[complains]
-[chuckles]
This belongs here.
-What is this?
-Gonna need a resupply.
Dry as a desert down there. doc.
Mm. well. rush order from
Chicago won't be cheap.
-[clears throat]
-How about I trade you for it?
-Straight up!
-[doctor yells]
Your antics are nothing
but a pretense.
I am your physician. not a
trinket nor a clown.
-Go! Go!
-[women laughing]
[man humming]
[horse neighing]
[sighs]
Mm. Thank you. mama.
Mm. Mm-mm-mm.
[chuckles]
Morning. Mary. Sol.
[Sol] Hello. Henry. Jo.
[chuckling]
How's my little tree sparrow?
[gentle music]
[clicks tongue]
That was so thoughtful. Henry.
What is it?
Why it's a wolf. of course.
Magnificent.
-[growls softly]
-[light chuckle]
Fierce.
Best be off.
Gonna be late for the
Reverend's inaugural service.
-May I?
-[Jo] Oh!
You're a gem. Sol.
Mary was wise
to gain your affections.
[chuckles]
[Mary] Persistent suitors are
impossible to ignore.
-[Jo] Mm-hmm.
-[Sol] That's right.
[music continues]
[sighs] Any news?
Put down another
mare last night.
That's seven in so many days.
Can't make no sense of it.
[Jo] Oh.
I was inquiring
about the children.
No.
No news.
Lamentably.
[bell chimes]
Henry.
Your bag. sir.
-I can carry it.
-Yes. of course.
-Good day. doctor.
-Thank you. young man.
[soft dramatic music]
[indistinct chatter]
Listen here.
I myself have not spoken
to the afflicted couple.
No. no.
So understand the words
I appropriate
now on account of...
...unsolicited whispers.
Last night.
when that boy was. um...
...counting sheep.
his mother opened the window to
let the night air in. but...
...the room they acquired is on
the second floor. so there's--
[sighs] Well... [stutters]
Anyway. um.
when they... awoke this
daybreak. the boy was gone.
Not a sound. not a sign.
As for the door. well...
...it was still locked
from the inside.
[all singing] ♪ Pass me not
O gentle Savior ♪
♪ Hear my humble cry ♪
♪ While on others
Thou art calling ♪
♪ Do not pass me by ♪
♪ Let me at
Thy throne of mercy ♪
♪ Find a sweet relief ♪
♪ Heal my wounded
Broken spirit ♪
♪ Save me by Thy grace ♪
[wind blowing]
Welcome. brothers and sisters.
to the house of the Lord.
And in His name we give thanks.
I am so grateful to be here.
Graced by your
abundant generosity
with more provisions than
any man can consume.
Notwithstanding that I am
partial to breaking bread.
recent events...
compel us to take heed.
Our children... are missing.
Just this morning I heard word
of another boy.
young Edward Browning.
Gone.
Vanished in cover of night.
What about our animals?
Dying.
No explanation?
Who gives a damn
about your pigs?
Our children have been stolen.
[reverend] It's true.
Our animals are dying.
Horses. dogs.
pigs. even chickens.
Our children and our animals.
are they not all God's creation?
[soft. tense music]
Hm?
And what calamity has been
bestowed upon them?
The bane of their existence.
is it a plague?
Is it a curse?
Is it an untimely...
...pestilence befalling?
Help us. Reverend.
Guide us.
Guide me to my child.
I am not afraid.
Not afraid.
Do you not dismay?
[sobs]
Do you not weep
a mother's tears?
Heathens are to blame.
Bloodthirsty natives
poison the animals.
seize the children.
scalp them. perhaps
-eating them as you preach.
-[reverend] Yes!
Yes.
Condemn the heathens.
yes. of course.
They are heretics. are they not?
Heinous crimes
imputed to the natives. yes!
To me that is comprehensive.
And before we cast
so heavy a stone.
should we not take...
...inventory of ourselves?
We are children... of God.
and God is wise and infinite.
And is it possible
that this scourge
is but... a stain?
God's judgment is upon us.
And I say to thee now. repent.
Repent.
Christ is crucified
to save us from sin.
[music fades]
Henry. don't you worry about
all that fire and brimstone.
You're a good boy.
Won't you be joining us
at the dance momentarily?
Oh. no.
I got a laundry list
of liberty duties.
And Mary. bet she added a few.
-[chuckles]
-So I be going.
Ah... Give her our best.
Will do.
Oh. at least I've got
you and Henry
to keep my mental
faculties in place.
Social events are not my forte.
[nervous chuckle]
Oh. is that so?
-Well...
-[clears throat]
I do respect
your stalwart position
to forego what most
women would discern
an obligation to endure.
despite any personal misgivings.
Nevertheless... [stutters]
-[chuckles]
-...I decline to impale myself
with cavalier discourse.
as pretensions
-certainly will prevail.
-Mmm.
I must ensure a confidant
to whom I can confide
my rationabilities. as their
pomposity becomes unbearable.
Good day. George.
Sarah.
Fine sermon. the new reverend...
...inflicted.
Uh. miss Beckett and I were. oh.
just...
...conversing about the
wonderful soiree
you've so graciously arranged.
But... [stutters] I am
remiss to learn. regrettably.
that Miss Beckett
cannot attend.
Ah...
N--
[doctor speaks indistinctly]
Do tell.
I have a previous engagement.
-Mm.
-Yes.
An engagement?
So pressing that you must
abscond from our reception
to honor the arrival of the
much-anticipated reverend?
[chuckles] Surely. an engagement
of such stature
would have found its way
into your social calendar.
Ah--
Well. Henry has chores.
Hmm.
It's a shame.
You know. Rose was so
looking forward to having
Henry join her
for the festivities.
-Ooh!
-Hmm.
Perhaps... chores can wait.
Thank you.
You had no choice. Jo.
You're in their employ.
There's a time to dig your heels
in. and this just ain't it.
[bright. piano music]
How are you feeling. Clara?
[sighs] Like a sour melon.
About to burst.
[doctor] Young lady.
[eerie tone]
You shouldn't attend
social gatherings.
let alone [stutters]
traverse to such an event.
Clara only wants
to make acquaintance
with the reverend. Doctor.
Charlie.
I don't care if the good Lord
himself took up residence.
[eerie tone]
Competence as
to the consequence of
various anatomical
peculiarities.
That's right.
Hereditary or ensuing from
previous illnesses
for a woman in your condition.
And I would like some optimism
that you will attend
to my diagnosis.
[eerie tone]
Bed rest until the babies come.
-Yes. sir. Yes.
-Yes?
-Yes. All right. Let's go.
-Yes. sir.
[eerie tone]
-Gathering agreeable?
-Indeed.
Hm. An endorsement. then?
Have you had occasion to speak
with the reverend?
I have not.
Oh. Miss Beckett is our tutor.
She has done wonders with Rose.
Whilst you
engage in conversation.
Rose was curious if Henry might
like to play with her zoetrope.
-[indistinct whisper]
-May I?
Oh. They're in
good hands with Arthur.
Convert with the reverend.
[rattling]
[wind blows]
[sighs]
Cursed migraines.
The medicine... [sighs]
it is a marvel.
Hmm. Yes.
Your ailment has lingered.
But I must insist.
my accommodation
is a lower dose.
[soft chuckle]
You don't know
the torment I carry. [chuckles]
I know...
your pension for opioids.
Three bottles.
As prescribed.
[wind howling]
[clears throat]
[distant child scream]
[Jo] Henry?
-[Sarah] Rose?
-[Jo] Henry?
Henry!
[Sarah] What happened? You were
supposed to be watching them!
[suspenseful music]
[breathing heavily]
Henry!
[music intensifying gradually]
Henry?
Henry!
I understand your distress.
Miss Beckett.
I. too. am embittered
by events of late.
We're all in want
for a indicator.
a sign. a trace.
a clue to cause.
I'm doing the best I can
with limited resources.
I assure you. my investigation
is forthright.
He's gone. Frank.
My boy is gone.
You're not the only mother
whose child's missing.
Charlie.
Charlie. accommodate
Miss. uh. Beckett here.
Help her find her lost boy.
-[bangs desk]
-Henry is not lost.
He was taken.
Just like the others.
[tense music]
[breathing heavily]
Miss Beckett?
[rapid footsteps on wood]
[indistinct muttering]
[speaking French]
My girls don't work on credit.
You ever hear of
professional courtesy?
Oh. you're a goddamn liability.
I'm already laying down. just
send one of the ugly ones out!
Look at you!
The thought of my
girls spreading their legs
for that slug that slithers out
between yours!
It's my job to keep your girls
safe from scoundrels.
[speaks French]
[knife unsheathes]
Now. what happens when the wrong
man steps foot near you. huh?
-[rifle clicks]
-Put the knife away.
[chuckles]
[intense dramatic music]
You ain't nothing but a stain.
Though I admire your
compulsion to intervene.
the quarrel between that
un morceau de merde and I
had not yet reached a boil.
Next time. I'll let
the prick gut you
and feed you to the hogs.
What's going on?
It's Henry.
Okay. come on. let's go.
[music increases]
-Everything in order?
-It's a fucking calamity.
We'll be in my office.
No interruptions.
And wake up Jack.
I ain't paying him to sleep.
[footsteps ascending]
[keys thump discordantly]
[playing happy tune]
[plays slightly out of tune]
Sit.
If you don't mind. I'll stand.
I fancy standing myself. I--
I said sit.
Yes. ma'am.
No drinking on the job. ma'am.
Don't be an asshole. Charlie.
[Charlie] Okay.
You need a drink.
No. I need my son.
[Liz] We're gonna find him.
But the others.
they haven't been found.
They've been missing for days.
weeks. some of them.
Hey. hey. don't worry
about the others.
-This is Henry.
-[exhales]
We will find him.
-We will. We will.
-[sobs]
Yeah.
[breathing heavily]
[blade sharpening]
Just saying.
Next time La Grange
needs the law.
he's on his own.
I don't want you
causing problems. Cooley.
Ain't enough the children
are missing?
With the Chief Justice in town.
George Derne is
spreading cheeks.
But I'm the one
who's getting fucked.
La Grange.
He's from Missouri.
Can you believe that?
Bootlicker ain't even French.
-[knocking on door]
-It's open.
[soft. dramatic music]
Wanted to see me?
Silas and Sadie Ingram?
I know 'em. They've out
by the old rajite mine
en route to Dillon.
That's them.
They have
a little one too. Emma.
Something happened?
They're dead.
Rider came in and
said the bodies are. uh...
[sniffles]
Well. it ain't natural.
Need you to come take a look.
I'll get my bag.
[music ends]
[low ominous sting]
-[Sol humming]
-[metallic creaking]
[intense dramatic music]
[Liz] Knocked on every door.
checked every tent.
[Charlie]
Reckon we'll mount a search.
There's dwellings in the woods.
not quite
into Indian territory.
But might be worth...
[sighs] ...for the sake
of exhausting every option.
of course.
When you speak
of Indian territory. where?
Or more likely. who is relevant
to your meaning?
Ma'am. I am simply saying
there have been stories
of people taken
from their homes and--
Let's not act as though
we've not all heard reports
of such things.
Tall tales told by those
who sit on stolen land.
Mary's right.
We just need to find Henry.
[suspenseful music]
We searched
every corner of the camp.
The boy just isn't here.
On that. Charlie...
...we can both agree.
[music fades]
[goat bleats]
You know. the reverend's door
is always open.
[deep breath]
[sighs]
Does he have a name?
[goat bleats]
It's just a goat.
[Mary] Well. it isn't here.
You can feel the air.
quiet and cold.
[eerie rumble]
You can feel the hunger.
[eerie abrupt scream]
Pale and gaunt.
[eerie music]
As if risen from the earth.
[eerie abrupt scream]
Death and corruption. sent.
[music intensifying]
Dormit.
-[eerie rumble]
-Thy ravenous hunger.
Fire.
[abrupt roaring fire]
It's only the blessed.
[music continues increasing]
-[soft sizzles]
-[music fades]
[soft sizzle]
-Reverend.
-[soft sizzles continue]
My son.
[reverend] Has been
the corpus of my prayers
all afternoon.
My mind betrays me.
For I fear the worst.
Come. my child.
Let us pray together.
For Henry's
safe and swift return.
The Lord is patient.
And we. like the Lord.
must heed restraint.
We must remain
diligent in our faith.
He has a plan.
Oh. Heavenly Father.
we do not presume
to ask for your plan.
We ask rather for your grace.
May your love
shield Henry from harm...
-[sobs]
-...until he is found.
[soft sizzle]
Yes.
In your grace. we pray.
Amen.
-Amen.
My child...
Hold to your faith and rejoice.
[soft music]
Those...
...who deny communion with
our Lord truly suffer.
Our faith shall be tested with
your belief in Him resolute.
-Yes.
[deep inhale]
[music increases]
[door creaks]
Henry!
[music fades]
[sighs]
[wind blowing]
[distant. muffled
growling and rattling]
[growling and rattling
increasing]
[door opens. squeaking]
[distinct animal sounds]
[indistinct rattling]
[eerie rumble]
[suspenseful music]
[hens clucking]
-[metallic rattling]
-[music increases]
[Jo echoing] Henry!
[music increases. then halts]
[wind blows]
[panting]
[dramatic music]
-[Henry echoing] Mother?
-[eerie rumble]
-[Jo echoing] Henry!
-[music increases]
-[echoing whispers]
[music increases. then halts]
[wind blowing]
[ominous sting]
[low ominous sting]
[door crackling]
[ominous music]
Henry!
[sobs]
[music increasing]
[sizzling]
-[music ends]
-[silverware clinking]
We have to go into town today.
People need to know you're safe.
That you're home.
You are home. Henry.
[eerie blowing]
We should pray.
Bless us. O Lord.
and these thy gifts.
which we're about to receive
from thy bounty.
through Christ our Lord.
Amen.
[ominous music]
[door creaks]
[music continues]
[music fades lightly]
[Frank] Well?
Um...
I don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
Well...
The organs.
Do you see their coloring?
It's a--
It's a ghostly bluish-gray.
And her body is--
It's bone-dry.
Silas's was. too.
And... right here.
two... deep incisions.
No clotting.
It's--
It's as if. um--
It's as if she--
Her blood was...
...d-- drawn out.
-[spits]
-[bucket clanks]
What the hell do you mean.
drawn out?
We bury 'em.
Here.
Not a word of this to anyone.
[music continues]
Yes.
[music ends]
So good to see you.
Please. come in.
[wind blowing]
Something's amiss.
There is a darkness here.
[ominous music]
Your boy.
He isn't well.
No.
No. everything is fine.
It's just...
since Henry's return.
he's a little...
Well. he just needs time
to acclimate. that's all.
Henry's life is in danger...
...as is yours.
You must find balance.
[music continues]
We are in harmony... [sniffles]
...with the wholeness of nature.
The heart and the soul.
The spirit will guide you.
You must take heed.
For your life as with Henry's
hangs in the balance.
Go to your son.
Show him the purity...
of a mother's love.
[music continues]
[music increases]
Uh. we should say a few words.
I'm good.
[music fades]
You stay.
[clears throat. then sniffles]
Well...
um...
-...today we... honor...
-[music restarts]
...the lives of...
...Sadie and Silas Ingram...
...loving mother and father.
Oh. well... I didn't know them.
...not-- not really. but...
[sniffles]
...their demise...
God damn you.
Whatever they've done in life to
displease your omnipotence...
...they sure as hell do not
warrant to... perish
with the utmost horror and
bodily suffering imaginable.
Oh. and their--
their daughter. Emma.
[sighs]
Sweet thing.
I pray she is safe.
And I curse you if she has
befallen a similar fate.
Hear this. O Lord.
[soft thud]
Amen.
[music continues]
[music fading]
Mrs. Derne. the cherry pie
was delectable.
[soft chuckle]
And worth the trip
from Helena alone.
You're too kind.
An afternoon baking something
sweet always brings me solace.
To solace. then.
[soft chuckle]
Sarah. darling.
it's getting late...
...and Mr. Everett and I still
have some business to discuss.
Mm-hmm?
Certainly.
Mr. Everett.
it's been a delight.
[whispers] Good night.
[door closes]
Well...
-[match ignites]
-[dramatic music]
[wind blows]
Eminent domain.
We only had to say it once.
Execution of the errand.
it's not a complication.
Acceptance of your proposal is
entirely dependent upon payment.
Of course.
Facilitation will be costly.
My holdings are substantial.
A toast. then.
To our respective confidence.
Your reputation
does not disappoint.
Without Judas.
there'd be no Jesus.
[music increasing]
[music fades]
Got a light?
Oh. indeed.
[match ignites]
[dramatic music]
Henry's back.
What?
Where?
How?
This morning. by all accounts.
By whose account promotes
such a report?
And why is notice
of such an event
belated from my knowledge?
All I know is that
the boy is back.
[sighs]
[music fades]
"Then he returned...
...and walked
in the house to and fro
and went up
and stretched himself upon him
and the child sneezed
seven times
and the child opened his eyes."
[soft. melancholic music]
Henry...
...will you join me in prayer?
Please.
[soft exhale]
[music turns tense]
[wind whistles]
-[haunting echo]
-[banging on door]
[music fades]
[Liz] He's at La Grange's.
Tending to the girls.
Much obliged.
[music restarts]
[music fades]
[doctor] That will be all.
Ah... Henry.
It is good to see you.
Welcome back.
[dramatic music]
[eerie tone]
Well done. son.
Well done.
Um...
Physically. he's fine.
He's not fine.
You saw in his eyes.
he's not even there.
Something is wrong.
Yes. yes. yes. yes.
Something--
something... is amiss.
Henry's disappearance and
subsequent emergence is. um...
...curious indeed.
However. I am...
...apprehensive to
make any concrete diagnosis
regarding his current condition.
As for the indisposition
beset upon your son. I--
I regret to surmise that...
...his malady is beyond
my area of expertise.
Tell me what to do.
[inhales deeply]
For now. um...
...you go home.
Yes. you let the boy rest.
I will check on him later.
-I'm afraid. Roy.
-Jo...
Miss Beckett?
Excuse moi. si vous plait?
It would be lovely if I could
have a quick word.
Ah. please allow me to express
my sincere gratitude
at young
Henry's safe return.
-Much obliged.
-It seems as though
we are witness
to be a miracle. no?
[sighs] Indeed.
When I was a child. a pêcheur
was lost at sea.
Many weeks came to pass.
We presumed the worst.
but then--
Mr. La Grange.
do you have a query?
No query. just being neighborly.
Right.
Please allow me
to be your escort.
[exhales]
So. the pêcheur upon arrival
was vigorous. uh. victorious.
most of all. prosperous.
[suspenseful music]
[footsteps approaching]
[chair scrapping]
Hello. Liz.
Should have been an actor.
You always were Thompson's colt.
And you?
Still so hateful.
You'd steal a coin off
a dead man's eyes.
I don't have time
to trade insults. John.
What do you want?
How about a whiskey.
for starters?
[glass thumps]
You know I hate drinking alone.
That's why you and me
never work. John.
I only drink alone.
[glass thumps]
Penny for your thoughts...
...what do you know
of George Derne?
He's an asshole.
I mean. what do you
know of him today?
[Liz] I don't know.
Same as you.
Mr. Derne and I
had an appointment
to conclude
a business transaction.
He was to meet me at his hotel.
He did not materialize.
Why don't you walk over to his
fucking house and meet him then?
That was not our arrangement.
I'll be back with a bottle.
One bottle. two glasses.
I need you to find out what's
going on at the Dernes.
And be discreet.
[glasses clink]
[liquid pouring]
[Jean] A-- Allow me
to apologize.
I confess I've not been
entirely forthright.
-No?
-Well. you asked if
I had a query.
-And?
-Well. I still await your reply.
In view of recent events. eh.
I restraint to broach
the matter. but
with sweet Henry returning.
it seemed only reasonable
that you would consider
a response to my proposal.
-My answer is no.
-But-- [sighs]
-But. Miss Beckett...
-I said no!
-[growling]
-[Jean grunting]
[wet ripping]
[heavy breathing]
[growls loudly]
[choking]
[heavy groan]
[Frank] What the fuck. Charlie?
This your idea of discreet?
[Charlie] You want me to
take him around back?
God damn it.
Give me his legs.
[Roy] Hm. a wolf...
...most likely. Maybe...
...a dog.
No foul play I can detect.
No. no. Just... an unfortunate
turn of events.
Well. what the fuck
does that mean?
[Roy] Well. it means
the events have turned.
[door opens]
[Cooley]
We got a problem at the Dernes.
And?
It's best the doc takes a look.
[soft. dramatic music]
Charlie. you stay here.
Put a lid on this box.
[deep music rumble]
Where's that little girl?
Well. this is how I found 'em.
I didn't touch a thing.
[dramatic tone]
There's a-- something else.
[deep dramatic tone]
[door creaks]
[eerie sting]
Goddamn.
[music increasing]
[door creaks]
[deep dramatic tone]
[music increases. then halts]
Tell me.
Sanguination.
What?
Her blood has been drained.
I understand. doc.
I'm asking you. what the fuck
is going on here?
Their blood has been extracted.
The Dernes.
Same as Sadie and Silas.
No other wounds I can find.
except--
except two small... cuts
in their neck. which is
where they were...
...siphoned. I conjecture.
[chuckles]
This is absurd.
Actually. it's pathological.
I need answers. Hawkins.
Not a fucking diagnosis.
Well. clearly the maid
didn't do it.
Did she?
Yeah.
And sure as shit
wasn't the devil.
[suspenseful music]
We gotta keep this quiet.
People wanna find out.
Someone needs to hang for this.
Otherwise.
there's gonna be hysteria.
[match brushing]
Fucking...
What'd you have in mind?
Bring me the liveryman's wife.
[knocking on door]
-[music fades]
-[wind blowing]
I believe I gave you explicit
instructions to take Henry home.
Rest is not the answer.
I suppose you know
about La Grange.
-I do.
-It was Henry.
What was Henry?
He killed La Grange.
No.
No. no. no. no. no.
The-- The damage to his throat
is consistent with
that of a bite
from a large carnivorous animal.
Long canine teeth. two on top
and two on the bottom.
You see. look here.
These incisors are
the first point of contact
between
predator and prey.
It was Henry.
Miss Beckett.
if you are resolute
on a narrative of fiction.
I advocate you forbear from
further solicitation.
Damn it. Roy.
I was there.
He ripped out the man's throat.
I don't know what to do.
[breathing shakily]
[suspenseful music]
Well...
You know...
...s-- sometimes
the insight we seek...
...lies outside the
province of science.
[music increases]
[reverend] Welcome. my friends.
to the house of the Lord.
Bow our knees...
...unto the Father of
our Lord. Jesus Christ...
...of whom
the entire family
in Heaven and Earth is named.
He would grant us according
to the riches of His glory
to be strengthened with might...
...by His Spirit
in the inner man.
-[echoing thud]
-[tense music]
-[soft growling]
-[Jo] Henry!
Henry!
-[music increases. then halts]
-[sharp sting]
[chuckles softly]
I ain't playing games. son.
Like I said. she ain't here.
I'm just a messenger
sent by decree.
[Sol] Can't help you.
Jesus Christ.
Sheriff sent me to fetch her.
Has some questions is all.
[Sol]
Maybe you don't hear too well.
It ain't my leaning
to repeat myself.
[dramatic music]
-Goddamnit. Sol. the squaw--
-You proceed with that tone.
you ain't walking
out of here alive.
I'll shoot you.
There is that possibility.
-[thuds]
-[grunts]
Tell your boss
we ain't receiving.
Now get out.
-[knife unsheathes]
-[both men grunt]
Let in me a clean heart. O God.
and renew a right spirit
within me.
Cast me not away
from thy presence
and take not thy
Holy Spirit from me.
Restore unto me the joy
of thy salvation.
Uphold me with
thy free spirit... in--
[gasps]
-Mother?
-[sobs]
Mother...
[loud growling]
[music increases]
-[Jo] Henry!
-[Henry growls]
Henry!
[eerie tone]
-[thud]
-[yells]
-[grunts]
-[gun clicks]
[yells]
-No. no. no! [screams]
-[wet thud]
You bitch!
Shoot her! Charlie!
[panting]
-You fucking whore!
-[music fades]
[gunshot]
Toss the shovel.
[shovel clanks]
Charlie. bring me the Indian.
[Cooley groaning]
Hawkins...
save the leg... if you can.
[suspenseful music]
Any further obtrusion...
...I'll have you hanged.
Every last one of you.
[indistinct chatter]
All right.
Sit him down.
-Reverend. hold him down.
-Yes.
Get his leg up.
[groaning]
-Easy. easy.
-[grunting]
Hold him down. Reverend.
[panting]
Enjoy the show?
Thoroughly.
-[grunts]
-[Roy] Oh. whiskey.
-How bad?
-[Roy] Whiskey.
How bad. doc?
[Roy] Bite down.
This is gonna hurt.
All right.
Hold his ankle.
Now!
On three.
One... two... three!
-[wet crunching]
-[muffled screaming]
[Roy panting] Oh. yes.
[slow clap]
Bravo!
A testament...
...to skill and merit.
That's right.
[dramatic music]
Never have I been
impressed by you.
Honesty.
Integrity.
Restraint.
Attributes you do not possess.
Still. you prove me a fool.
Only now I see
you're an evil man.
Missing children...
...the dead drained of blood.
and now the Dernes?
It's unnatural.
Sadistic.
Covert.
Let go of the rope
and put the gun down.
It's the Indians.
Godless heathens. Wild savages.
-I condemn them.
-Let her go!
I will have order in this camp.
-Sheriff!
-Shut up. Charlie!
One more step.
I will shoot her dead.
She doesn't have to die.
You need a scapegoat.
One the camp will believe.
[choking]
What's your offer?
[voice breaking] I'll confess.
I'm already...
...an outsider.
[continues choking]
What's going on
in there. Charlie?
I got orders.
[Frank grunting]
[thud]
[panting]
Help me. Charlie!
[door slams]
[Mary panting and sobbing]
[music fades]
[Jo] What happened?
The sheriff.
What he did is wrong.
[Cooley] What the fuck. Charlie?
Whose side are you on?
[Charlie] Shut up. Cooley.
[soft growling]
Goddamn.
That boy ain't right.
-Jo!
-[grunts]
No. no. Jo! God! Sit down!
-Sit.
-[panting]
I'm sorry.
I-- I know. I know.
We need to get you upstairs.
Come on.
She needs to go upstairs.
Henry. too.
Let's go. Everyone upstairs.
All right. It's all right.
Upstairs.
Upstairs. All right.
Reverend.
you keep an eye on him.
Easy on that leg.
No drink.
[dramatic music]
[Cooley] Well. ain't this cozy.
Let us pray.
[laughs]
The only thing I'm praying for.
Reverend. is another bottle.
[bottle thumps]
Thought you might be hungry.
Oh. no. thank you.
Okay. Well.
there's more if you need it.
[footsteps approaching]
How's Mary?
[sighs] Well. I...
...imposed a cogent
sedative. so she'll be...
...in repose for some time.
Yes. so. um.
I must ascertain the
deputy's condition.
I'll return directly.
Yes?
[music continues]
Where's Cooley and the Reverend?
They left.
What?
Must I remind you of the misery
that transpired earlier?
The man has a broken tibia.
Deputy Cooley is in no condition
to put pressure
of any kind on that leg.
All I know is they was there
before I went in the
storage room.
and when I returned.
they was gone.
I ain't no babysitter.
[Roy] Damn it. [mutters]
They're gone.
Cooley and the Reverend.
Good riddance.
[Roy] How is that possible?
Fuck Cooley.
We've got a bigger concern.
It's Sol.
Sheriff tortured Mary.
Sol confessed to murder.
To everything.
He'll hang in the morning.
I got an idea.
[Roy sighs]
If you deemed it of worth
to allow me to participate
by explicating the
particulars of this notion.
oh. you might find
that I'd be of some
assistance and resourcefulness.
The Dernes are dead.
[sighs]
You knew?
Yes.
I knew.
[scoffs]
How. pray tell. would my
delineation of their
untimely demise
be of service to you?
Derne primed the
Chief Justice to arrange
for the dolts in Washington to
force La Grange and me to sell.
You have a testament of this?
Chief Justice will get his money
just through a new edict.
Hmm.
Acquittal for Sol.
[lock rattling]
[door creaks]
[Roy sighs]
Same as the Dernes.
Doc. what the hell's going on?
Is everything all right?
Hey. no one goes
in that room. understand?
Jo. wake up.
Where's Henry?
[pants]
M-- Maybe with Mary.
[music increasing]
[music fades]
[Jo] Henry!
Henry!
[door creaks]
[wind blowing]
[growling]
[suspenseful music]
[growling intensifies]
[shrieking]
[panting]
[Frank] Chief Justice Everett?
[Roy] Yes.
[Frank] And the Indian?
We don't know where she is.
[Roy] No. but...
[Frank] Goddamn it.
It looks like we got ourselves
two killers.
Charlie. where's Cooley?
Haven't seen him.
[scoffs]
Everyone's disappearing.
That heathen witch.
She put a spell on this camp.
Even my goddamn horse is dead.
[music continues]
-This ends tonight.
-What?
[Frank] You gonna hang. boy.
You and your squaw.
No! No!
-No. wait!
-[keys jingle]
Wait! He's innocent!
-[thud]
-[grunts]
No one's innocent.
[keys jingle]
Charlie. get the shackles
and the rope.
[gun clicks]
No.
You don't have the stones.
[chuckles]
Sol. get the keys.
[keys jingle]
You're already swinging.
Charlie.
Just don't know it yet.
[chuckles softly]
[Roy] All right.
Hold still. hold still.
That's it.
[music fades]
[soft grunt]
Sure you're all right. doc?
I've... [spits]
...had worse.
[soft chuckle]
What now?
Well. we're gonna
be okay tonight.
But come morning. we're gonna
need some help.
[Roy]
What about Marshal Holden?
No. Holden's gonna
hang me for treason.
Sergeant Stance.
Served with him after the war.
Ninth Cavalry.
Hmm. Buffalo soldiers.
Stance is a drunk and a brawler.
but he's a good man.
Last I heard. he was stationed
in Virginia City.
Could be here by sunup.
I'll send a telegraph.
But. um...
...Sol. you need to leave town.
What of Mary?
That. my friend. eludes me.
Conversely. your safety. if you
stay here. will be compromised.
Yes. doc.
[suspenseful music]
[glass shatters]
[music fades]
[sniffles]
[wet cracking]
[wind blows]
[Charlie]
When I took this job...
[soft. suspenseful music]
...Clara looked at me like I was
somebody important.
Deputy Charlie Quinn.
[liquid sloshes]
It was respectable.
It was decent.
But I was naive.
This job is a lie.
You're a liar.
And there is devilry everywhere.
[soft clank]
No badge can hide wrongful
actions.
[glass shatters]
[deep dramatic tone]
[music fades]
Who's there?
[footsteps approaching]
Sol.
Mary here?
Checked the livery in our cabin.
How are you here?
Charlie.
Turned his gun
on Sheriff Martin.
Put him behind bars.
Guarding him until we get help.
Hawk can send a telegram
to Virginia City.
I got a friend there.
You can't stay here.
-It's not safe.
-Jo...
...ain't no other place safe.
[deep dramatic tones]
[rope creaking]
[suspenseful music]
[footsteps approaching]
[music fades]
He's different.
Like an animal.
He killed La Grange.
What you gon' do?
I don't know.
But it won't hurt me.
Whatever happened.
whatever changed him.
he knows I'm his mother.
[ominous music]
Are you sure you want to see?
-[eerie tone]
-Henry.
Sweetheart.
[growling]
Henry!
-Henry! Henry!
-[growling]
[loud growling]
-Henry!
-[Sol] Woah!
Henry...
[loud. deep growling]
[Jo panting]
-No! Henry!
-[footsteps rapidly receding]
[panting]
[owl hoots]
Sol.
[Frank] Are you the wolf?
Or the lamb?
Two pistols.
Close range...
...verse a rifle at night?
[rifle loads]
[chuckles]
Ain't good odds for you. Jo.
It'd be better if you leave.
I applaud your confidence.
But you can't win.
Now what's it gonna be?
-You heard the lady.
-[gun clicks]
You should go.
[tense music]
[growling]
[gunshot]
[gunshots]
[grunting]
[blade pierces]
[groaning]
I am no lamb.
-[wet thump]
-[music stops]
[panting]
[Jo sighs]
[melancholic music]
[Jo sobbing] No. no.
No.
[growling]
[crying]
[music fades]
You sure you have
the conviction?
[wind blowing]
[suspenseful music]
[horse neighs]
[door creaks]
[music continues]
-[slices]
-[deep dramatic tone]
[gasps]
[crying]
[music fades]
[wind blowing]
[footsteps approaching]
[knocking on door]
-[door opens]
-[Sol] Hey. doc.
I can't sleep.
We're restless as well.
I just don't feel principled
taking leave from Jo
like we did.
Seems proper we rectify
by looking in on her.
[wind blowing]
[deep gasp]
[knocking on door]
[door creaks]
It is so terrible what happened
to your Henry.
I... yearn to bring you solace.
May I... enter?
Yes.
Yes. of course.
-Thank you.
-[clears throat] Let me make
some tea.
[reverend] Oh. please.
don't go to any trouble.
No trouble.
-A cup of warmth
will do us good.
-[door closes]
Your strength in this time...
...is... well.
it's the true tale
of your constitution.
You have endured...
...so much
darkness and still...
-...you cling to your faith.
-[suspenseful music]
I'm reminded of Job.
He suffered too.
And his spirit...
...shines through you.
Ironic. isn't it?
Using your own son's knife...
...to cut his throat.
-[echoing cries]
-[eerie. distorted tone]
[music increasing]
Our children-- our children--
Our children... are missing.
Your poor boy...
...belongs to the realm
of which I...
What do you want?
[faint gunshot]
[gunshots]
Sol! Mary!
[grunts]
[growls]
-Sol!
-[gunshot]
[Cooley shrieking]
[faint growling]
[rifle loads]
[reverend. in distorted voice]
Together. might we... rule?
Life eternal.
And I found my queen.
[sizzle]
Yes.
[growling and shrieking]
[gunshot]
[grunting]
-[grunting]
-[thuds]
[wet thud]
[shrieking]
[Sol yelling]
[wet thud]
Henry.
You could take me to Henry?
[rattling]
[reverend in deep voice]
Walk with me.
and we shall
embrace him.
Again.
Take me away from this life.
[music intensifies]
[growls]
-[wet stabbing]
-[grunts]
[reverend shrieking]
-[thud]
-[glass shatters]
[loud shrieking]
[soft. dramatic music]
[panting]
[sobbing]
[music fades]
[wind blows]
[eerie buzzing]
[melancholic music]
[music fades]